before I begin let me start by saying
I'm explaining this movie for the last
generation because I'm looking around
and somebody else type out eating and
condoms not in videos and I'm thinking
the end is not the stars of a movie
today ah all the same people who were in
the last can movie except this guy right
here that Jeb met at the New Orleans
Comic Con he was smooth F and smelled
like Colt 45 and yes my mama was there
and she did almost give herself an
asthma attack yelling oh my god his
Billy Dee is Billy Dee I imagine in his
knocking he was thinking I'm 70 years
old now still got it childish gambino
you could never you really always cool
now that but when it comes to Lando just
leave it to the real Mac Daddy and how
the hell can we sell most Star Wars
dolls oh excuse me action figures that's
just a made-up words to them boys that
big damn Mama's for $2.99 to buy one
wouldn't feel weird checking out their
little mounds of plastic where
everything all to be look there's even
new ones
check out this don't you just love that
one eyebrow
I better not buy one and accidentally
leave it in the bathroom my momma might
confuse it with a douchebag but look at
this all one smooth as [ __ ] all right
I'm not being insulting now I'm not
playing our story begins with more
scrolling backstory text to let us know
what we're looking at again and if you
think these opening sequences are cool
it's not you're experiencing a
hallucination induced by the music of
John Williams he is the master of making
dumb concepts seem cool okay so let's
summarize the Rebel Alliance has
repeatedly been bailed out weapons by
the Empire and now they are hiding out
on a planet that is colder than a
witch's tit and big dead it doth want to
go [ __ ] that lil Skywalker Hynek pardon
me I was under the impression that once
you started a movie the movie was
supposed to stop trying this again play
our story really begins with an empire
ship sending out some probe droids to
the big round snowball I don't know
exactly what they probe but guards your
orifices so Luke gets attacked by a
bumble who was just honoring because he
done seen Harry and the Hendersons and
understand why he was passed up for that
role and that's about it
dear Lord I can see y'all's comments now
explained Harry and the Hendersons so
here comes Han who was on patrol and
left like a minute too soon just long
enough for Luke to get whacked and just
to cause a recurring problem for the
story the Millennium Falcon is
undergoing routine maintenance and the
only major part that's broken is the pot
- helps them get out of tight spots
convenient but this put Han and his pet
in another kind of tight spot because he
need to take them earnings he's obtained
from the rebels to pay off Jabba the
Hutt because they drug this damn plot
device out way too long so of course it
created a sad romantic rift between Han
and the royal one and did anybody really
think he was gonna leave I can just
imagine little eight-year-olds in the
70s with their bold haircuts and
polyester bell-bottoms crying into their
popcorn gives me a little warm fuzzy
feeling and Han and Leia look at each
other and have a conversation where Leia
says don't leave baby don't you know we
need to make it so we can have that chip
fugly emo Chow so he can stab you right
through the content and you can die just
like you always wanted while Chewie
watches and I connect remorseful but not
very well because the Botox made my face
to take to show emotion and then I can
tragically die a day before my mama and
is Nick and disrespectful it turn max
into a space to find cosmic boy flying
Mary Poppins and hyung goes I love it
when you talk dirty Oh Bert and Ernie
over here still at it so they go to tell
Han that Luke still ain't back yet and
if he don't get it back in this place
soon at best he might forget which
Disney movie he's in and stop singing
let it go and the worst he's gonna think
he's into Mel Brooks movie and freeze
the Spaceballs off Lord Jesus I can see
y'all's comments now explain Spaceballs
for people who hate Rick Moranis well I
can't fit that on a damn thumbnail back
at the bumbles pad Luke wakes up
inverted uses the false to do some
Stephen King's carry telekinesis and he
bumbles out into the snow collapses and
hallucinates beard what am I supposed to
do go see Master Yoda dumb bit being why
are you back from the dead because I'm a
better actor than you dumb bit two
minutes of me is worth more than two
hours of you they even paid me more
probably man why do they pay you more
than me because I was in Lawrence of
Arabia sand so before your dumb [ __ ]
self was born dumb bit man why are you
talking like that for dramatic effect
dumb [ __ ] I'd do it right and you don't
that's why they pay me the big bucks
probably being much Jesus like wrong
religion dumb [ __ ]
see you later Ben love you muffin dumb
[ __ ]
here come here on good timing it's all
and then he saves Luke by that's nasty
then spoiler alert they'll die I don't
mean to sound disappointed but I am
their co Base this is rogue to who I
just got full seconds of screen time
because I saved the heroes of the story
dummy you ain't do [ __ ] and this is
where George Lucas begins utilizing deep
symbolism to show that the old Luke died
out in the tundra and is gonna be reborn
as a big Jedi man fetus and I am so full
of right now
just like that daddy Luke swearing and
you know how you always got that one
over bear and get the workplace to make
everybody nervous that's Darth Vader and
this to go around choking just left and
right you such a fuss master use it to
find amps on yourself then some big
metal dogs go to fetch the rebels and
the base is stomped pun intended while
the rest of the rebels flee flee and let
me just say that this level on a
Nintendo 64 was a and a half first year
delighting the mutha [ __ ] up what Joe
didn't you gotta shoot him enough with
the cable didn't you got a rep around
the legs it was just a pain in the dick
then Han Leia Chewie and c3po take off
for the rendezvous point but of course
they won't make it because too much
would go right and Luke tells our - oh
I'm just abandoning our friend so I can
go learn some Voodoo's - by you maybe
they'll be able to comic-con and I can
meet Billy Dee Dee Dee Luke crash lands
in a swamp
well duty are to swallow some swamp junk
and Bluffs back on the Empire's ship we
get a glimpse of beta's crusty old pale
raisin looking head
and haunted friends land on their ass
toroids
then more sexual tension and hans like
is that where did that gave me a stiffy
too bad we got time to bone and lay just
sit there like yeah well he just looking
at the only other pair of balls on this
[ __ ] but you Barker's and I don't do
furries making the Bayou Luke eat some
granola he almost shoots a wrinkly
headed Pony had toad and then the green
thing trust a bunch of damn Papa Bob
because he's tired of eating okra -
right there look like it will tear yo :
oh it looks like help me find a great
Jedi Master and get your tiny little
green bonus out of my back on an
imperial ship now hideous tells Darth
Vader they've got to destroy our most
powerful weapon in the first move it
might be a problem later and it might be
a son but I'm not sure because George
ain't thought of that yet then we go
back to Luke who finds out that old toad
with old man ear hair is really goda
then we go back to han and Leia who are
having problems with some kind of freaky
space pterodactyls and find out they've
been in the gut of a big giant space
tapeworm in an asteroid and then we go
back to Luke who's being trained by Yoda
to become a Jedi Master in a setting
that looks perfect for a great music
video with a song that goes sometimes
you do that I think it'd be a hit and
I'll just starting to make me dizzy so
I'm glad they go on Parker here for just
a damn minute and now we got to deal
with some deep [ __ ] again where Luke
ventures into a cave and fantasizes
about beheading Darth Vader and then the
mask busts open and he sees himself
which means he could turned off in a Big
Damn hurry and you're just sat there
shaking his head like who white folk get
it cuz he green I guess it ain't easy oh
Hades I can see y'all's comments now do
the Muppets explain for a muppet of a
man then we'll go back to hunting Leia
and they go buzzing the tower and the
guy inside is like damn son of a I don't
know how they got by but dummy you can't
hit Oh can't you see y'all's comments
now you Top Gun I already did build a
day I swear to god I gotta come in do
the Godfather
bit so back at the swamp Yoda tells Luke
that size doesn't matter which is just
something you say to people with small
appendages and he lifts Luke's x-wing
out of the water a little too slow for
my taste I mean I get that he's 900
years old but when
was 880 he was flinging around like
nobody's business well I guess that's
what retirement are do for you turn your
brain to mush oh well they do say that
the last 20 is the shittiest anyway
what era was this happen
and Yoda just says that's why they pay
me the big bucks probably hold on let me
see how far we are through this oh my
god holy son of a Jezebel dip give me
one to take potty break I mean even get
to see bill of D yet okay I'll be back
in a little while like right now be sure
to click episode 5 5 2 2 4 movies
explain far I'm Jeb a diner bottom and
since I didn't say this whole video I'm
just gonna get it out now kiddies